/*Assignment 3 (Report): Lilli Lewis 
 * 10/09/23
 * I confirm that the above list of sources is complete (none) AND that I have 
 *  not talked to anyone else about the solution to this problem.*/
 
1. Which category/categories are the accessibility checkers best at identifying errors for (e.g. have the 
    highest ratio of errors found to errors possible)? Which category/categories are the accessibility checkers 
    worst at identifying errors for (e.g. have the lowest ratio of errors found to errors possible)? Describe the 
    general theme of the tests in each of the best and worst categories (e.g. why are these tests in the same group)?
    	The best category with identifying errors was the Title category. They averaged 66% successful error finding. 
    	The next best category was buttons, which averaged 62.5% successful error finding . The third best category was 
    	colour/contrast, with an average successful error finding of 50%. What I notice in common about these categories 
    	is that they seem easy to program: does the title exist and is it large, do the buttons make a change to the website,
    	is there significant color contrast? I feel as though a beginner programmer could tackle each of these error checks. 
    	Another similarity is that the errors (or lack thereof) are visual (I think).
    	The worst categories were layout and navigation, each with zero errors found. CSS  placed poorly, with 5% of the errors
    	found. Keyboard also placed lowly, finding 6% of the possible errors. These tests, to me, seem difficult to test. I have
    	no idea how I'd go about making criteria for a "good" layout or navigation. I also think keyboard would be dependent
    	on the user's computer, not on the website. CSS is also something that involves layout/navigation as best as I can tell.
    	What these categories have in common is that they involve how well a user can use a website. They are less visual and more
    	structural, and might be unique to each website and thus difficult to write tests for.
    
2. Select one of the tests that is shown in the showAllFailed and describe what the issues is and how it can affect 
    a person with a disability.
    	The test I selected is from the Multimedia category, and its text description is "Flashing content doesn't have warning".
    	The text description makes it very obvious what the issue is: the user could stumble upon flashing content, something
    	which could cause a person with epilepsy to have a seizure.
    	
3. Reflect: How does this assignment shape your understanding of computer science?
		I hadn't given much, if any thought to how to make websites a more accessible space. I've helped my grandparents enlarge
		text before, and the flashing content I mentioned in the last question is something I would notice immediately, but I would
		not have thought that lists need to be marked as lists or that long lines of text might pose an issue to someone. It makes
		me wish Grinnell could have a class in each intro sequence discussing online accessibility.
 